feat: bump cosmos-sdk to `v0.50.8` and ignite to `v28.5.2` (#208)
tendermint/fundraising: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing guidelines

> If you're willing to create a new PR on Ignite Modules, make sure that you read and comply with this document.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be something like:
```suggestion
If you're willing to create a new PR on this repository, make sure that you read and comply with this document.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe:
```suggestion
If you're willing to create a new PR on Ignite Fundraising, make sure that you read and comply with this document.
```
